Add whisper notebook (#678)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/227-whisper-subtitles-generation/README.md

# Video subtitles generation with Whisper
Whisper is a general-purpose speech recognition model, which is able to almost flawlessly transcribe speech across dozens of languages and even handle poor audio quality or excessive background noise.
In this notebook we will try to apply its for generating transcription for video.

## Notebook Contents

This notebook demonstrates how to generate video subtiteles using Whisper model. Whisper is an automatic speech recognition (ASR) system trained on 680,000 hours of multilingual and multitask supervised data collected from the web.  It is a multi-task model that can perform multilingual speech recognition as well as speech translation and language identification.

> You can find more information about this model in [paper](https://cdn.openai.com/papers/whisper.pdf), [OpenAI blogpost](https://openai.com/blog/whisper/), [model card](https://github.com/openai/whisper/blob/main/model-card.md) and [repository](https://github.com/openai/whisper).

Author: applied all, except HF comment, because this model card has not relation to it, it is openai own card from source repo

In this notebook we will use its capabilities for generation subtitles to video.
Notebook contains following steps:
1. Download model.
2. Instantiate original model pipeline
3. Convert model to ONNX and then to IR using OpenVINO Model Optimizer tool.
4. Run Whisper pipeline with OpenVINO models.

The simplified demo pipeline represented on diagram below:
![whisper_pipeline.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29454499/204536733-1f4342f7-2328-476a-a431-cb596df69854.png)
The result of notebook's work is `srt file` (one of the most popular video captioning format) with subtitles for video downloaded from YouTube video hosting. 
This file can be integrated to player during video playback or directly embedded to video file using `ffmpeg` or any other tools for working with subtitles.

> The following image shows an example of the input video and corresponding transcription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image below shows an example of the video as input and corresponding transcription as output.
```
